LOUISIANA TO HAVE ADMITTING PRIVILEGES AT A HOSPITAL WITHIN
PRIVILEGES AT A HOSPITAL WITHIN 30 MILES.
30 MILES. A LOT TO GET TO.
A LOT TO GET TO. BUT WE BEGIN, JOE, WITH AMAZON’S
BUT WE BEGIN, JOE, WITH AMAZON’S CEO ACCUSING THE PARENT COMPANY
CEO ACCUSING THE PARENT COMPANY OF THE "NATIONAL ENQUIRER" WITH
OF THE "NATIONAL ENQUIRER" WITH EXTORTION AND BLACKMAIL.
EXTORTION AND BLACKMAIL. IT FEELS, JOE, LIKE THEY MESSED
IT FEELS, JOE, LIKE THEY MESSED WITH THE WRONG GUY.
WITH THE WRONG GUY. >> IT DID BUT IT ALSO SEEMS VERY
>> IT DID BUT IT ALSO SEEMS VERY FAMILIAR, NOT ONLY TO US BUT I
FAMILIAR, NOT ONLY TO US BUT I THINK PEOPLE RAN AGAINST THE
THINK PEOPLE RAN AGAINST THE PUBLIC PRIMARY.
PUBLIC PRIMARY. THERE WAS A CONNECTION BETWEEN
THERE WAS A CONNECTION BETWEEN DONALD TRUMP AND THE NATIONAL
DONALD TRUMP AND THE NATIONAL ENQUIRER.
ENQUIRER. >> JEFF BEZOS RELEASED E-MAILS
>> JEFF BEZOS RELEASED E-MAILS YESTERDAY CLAIMING TO SHOW THE
YESTERDAY CLAIMING TO SHOW THE COMPANY, A.M.I., THREATEN TO RE
COMPANY, A.M.I., THREATEN TO RE RELEASE THE INFORMATION IF HE
RELEASE THE INFORMATION IF HE DID NOT STOP THE INQUIRY THAT
DID NOT STOP THE INQUIRY THAT INCLUDED EXPLICIT PHOTOS,
INCLUDED EXPLICIT PHOTOS, EXPOSING HIS EXTRA MARITAL
EXPOSING HIS EXTRA MARITAL AFFAIR.
AFFAIR. TO FROM GETTING OUT, BEZOS SAYS
TO FROM GETTING OUT, BEZOS SAYS THAT A.
THAT A. >> I. DEMANDED HE STOPPED THE
>> I. DEMANDED HE STOPPED THE WAUG WHICH HO, BEHIND THE
WAUG WHICH HO, BEHIND THE INQUIRER’S INITIAL REPORTS GED
INQUIRER’S INITIAL REPORTS GED WROTS IN PART THIS: IF IN MY
WROTS IN PART THIS: IF IN MY POSITION I CANNOT STAND UP TO
POSITION I CANNOT STAND UP TO THIS TYPE OF EXTORTION, HOW MANY
THIS TYPE OF EXTORTION, HOW MANY PEOPLE CAN?
PEOPLE CAN? OF COURSE I DON’T WANT PERSONAL
OF COURSE I DON’T WANT PERSONAL PHOTOS PUBLISHED, BUT I ALSO
PHOTOS PUBLISHED, BUT I ALSO WON’T PARTICIPATE IN THEIR
WON’T PARTICIPATE IN THEIR WELL-KNOWN PRACTICE OF
WELL-KNOWN PRACTICE OF BLACKMALE, POLITICAL FAVORS,
BLACKMALE, POLITICAL FAVORS, POLITICAL ATTACKS AND
POLITICAL ATTACKS AND CORRUPTION.
CORRUPTION. BEZOS ADDS, "I PREFER TO STAND
BEZOS ADDS, "I PREFER TO STAND UP, ROLL THIS LOG OVER AND SEE
UP, ROLL THIS LOG OVER AND SEE WHAT CRAWLS OUT."
WHAT CRAWLS OUT." AN AMAZON SPOKESMAN CONFIRMED
AN AMAZON SPOKESMAN CONFIRMED THE AS YOU THEN ’TISITY OF THE
THE AS YOU THEN ’TISITY OF THE BLOCK POST, THEY ARE THE LATEST
BLOCK POST, THEY ARE THE LATEST TWIST OF A LONG SIMMERING FEUD
TWIST OF A LONG SIMMERING FEUD WITH PRESIDENT TRUMP.
WITH PRESIDENT TRUMP. THE CEO IS FRIENDS WITH THE
THE CEO IS FRIENDS WITH THE PRESIDENT.
PRESIDENT. A SPOKESPERSON DECLINED TO
A SPOKESPERSON DECLINED TO COMMENT TO NBC NEWS.
COMMENT TO NBC NEWS. >> LET’S BRING IN THE SENIOR
>> LET’S BRING IN THE SENIOR REPORTER.
REPORTER. IT WAS ONE OF THE MOST
IT WAS ONE OF THE MOST EXTRAORDINARY READS, NOT ONLY ON
EXTRAORDINARY READS, NOT ONLY ON THE MEDIUM BUT ON ANY WEB SITE
THE MEDIUM BUT ON ANY WEB SITE THIS YEAR.
THIS YEAR. SET IT UP FOR US.
SET IT UP FOR US. TELL US EXACTLY WHAT’S BEEN
TELL US EXACTLY WHAT’S BEEN GOING ON.
GOING ON. >> AND WHAT PIECES FIT TOGETHER.
>> AND WHAT PIECES FIT TOGETHER. >> FIRST OF ALL, YOU’RE RIGHT,
>> FIRST OF ALL, YOU’RE RIGHT, IT’S AN INCREDIBLY PERSONAL,
IT’S AN INCREDIBLY PERSONAL, LONG, DETAILED ACCOUNT FROM THE
LONG, DETAILED ACCOUNT FROM THE JEFF BEZOS, THE FOUNDER OF
JEFF BEZOS, THE FOUNDER OF AMAZON, THE WEALTHIEST MAN IN
AMAZON, THE WEALTHIEST MAN IN THE WORLD.
THE WORLD. IT’S A MESSAGE TO DAVID PECKER
IT’S A MESSAGE TO DAVID PECKER TO, THE ENTIRE TABLOID INDUSTRY
TO, THE ENTIRE TABLOID INDUSTRY ME, DOESN’T MESS WITH ME.
ME, DOESN’T MESS WITH ME. I WON’T BE EXPLOITED, I WOULDN’T
I WON’T BE EXPLOITED, I WOULDN’T BE BLACKMAILED.
BE BLACKMAILED. FOR A LONG TIME IN THE WEEK OF
FOR A LONG TIME IN THE WEEK OF HIS DIP VORS THAT SORT OF CAST
HIS DIP VORS THAT SORT OF CAST HIM NOT AS THE GREAT INNOVATIVE
HIM NOT AS THE GREAT INNOVATIVE CEO THAT WE USUALLY THINK OF HIM
CEO THAT WE USUALLY THINK OF HIM AS BUT RATHER AS SORT OF THE
AS BUT RATHER AS SORT OF THE SUBJECT OF SCANDAL AND OF OF A
SUBJECT OF SCANDAL AND OF OF A PARTICULARLY SORTED KIND OF
PARTICULARLY SORTED KIND OF EXTORTION.
EXTORTION. NOW HE’S GOING TO COME FORWARD
NOW HE’S GOING TO COME FORWARD FOR SO MANY WHO DO NOT FEEL THEY
FOR SO MANY WHO DO NOT FEEL THEY CAN STAND UP AGAINST THE JEFF
CAN STAND UP AGAINST THE JEFF BEZOSES THAT THERE’S A POLITICAL
BEZOSES THAT THERE’S A POLITICAL MOTIVATION HERE THAT IS DRIVEN
MOTIVATION HERE THAT IS DRIVEN LARGELY BY PRESIDENT TRUMP, WHO
LARGELY BY PRESIDENT TRUMP, WHO HAS A LONGSTANDING RELATIONSHIP
HAS A LONGSTANDING RELATIONSHIP WITH PRESIDENT TRUMP AND I THINK
WITH PRESIDENT TRUMP AND I THINK THAT IS THE THREAD THAT’S GOING
THAT IS THE THREAD THAT’S GOING TO BE PULLED OUT OVER THE NEXT
TO BE PULLED OUT OVER THE NEXT FEW DAYS AND WEEKS.
FEW DAYS AND WEEKS. >> WELL, THAT IS WHY IT’S SO
>> WELL, THAT IS WHY IT’S SO FASCINATING, WILLIE GEIST, YOU
FASCINATING, WILLIE GEIST, YOU READ AGAIN, THE NATIONAL
READ AGAIN, THE NATIONAL INQUIRER DOING FRED’S KRUT IG
INQUIRER DOING FRED’S KRUT IG THAT A NATIONALIN CHOIRER STORY
THAT A NATIONALIN CHOIRER STORY WOULD RUN IF WE DIDN’T CHANG OUR
WOULD RUN IF WE DIDN’T CHANG OUR COVERAGE.
COVERAGE. BUT SO MANY OTHER PEOPLE WERE
BUT SO MANY OTHER PEOPLE WERE THREATENED AS WELL.
THREATENED AS WELL. BUT THIS MOVES BEYOND DONALD
BUT THIS MOVES BEYOND DONALD TRUMP.
TRUMP. NOW SUDDENLY.
NOW SUDDENLY. AND SO NOW SUDDENLY IT IS THE
AND SO NOW SUDDENLY IT IS THE COVERAGE OF KSHZ, THE CONTINUED
COVERAGE OF KSHZ, THE CONTINUED COVER OF THAT MURDER THAT NOW
COVER OF THAT MURDER THAT NOW OBVIOUSLY IS GETTING UNDER THE
OBVIOUSLY IS GETTING UNDER THE SAUDI’ SKIN AND THEIR ALLY NOW
SAUDI’ SKIN AND THEIR ALLY NOW DAVID PECKER.
DAVID PECKER. >> JEFF BEZOS WROTE, QUOTE,
>> JEFF BEZOS WROTE, QUOTE, UNAVOIDABLE THAT CERTAIN
UNAVOIDABLE THAT CERTAIN POWERFUL PEOPLE WILL WRONGLY
POWERFUL PEOPLE WILL WRONGLY CONCLUDE I’M THEIR ENEMY.
CONCLUDE I’M THEIR ENEMY. PRUM IS ONE OF THOSE PEOPLE.
PRUM IS ONE OF THOSE PEOPLE. ALSO THE POST ESSENTIALLY ABOUT
ALSO THE POST ESSENTIALLY ABOUT UNDOUBTED BY UNPOPULAR IN
UNDOUBTED BY UNPOPULAR IN CERTAIN DONE AT THE.
CERTAIN DONE AT THE. A GUY WHO WE’VE SEEN NOW, HE PUT
A GUY WHO WE’VE SEEN NOW, HE PUT IN HIS MEMO THE LIST OF WHAT THE
IN HIS MEMO THE LIST OF WHAT THE PHOTOGRAPHS WERE AND THE TEXTS
PHOTOGRAPHS WERE AND THE TEXTS SAID AND OF ELSE.
SAID AND OF ELSE. BUT THE QUESTION DYLAN RAISED TO
BUT THE QUESTION DYLAN RAISED TO ME IS THE MOST INTERESTING ONE.
ME IS THE MOST INTERESTING ONE. WHY HAS THE NATIONAL ENQUIRER
WHY HAS THE NATIONAL ENQUIRER BEEN SO EXECUTIVE ABOUT A TECH
BEEN SO EXECUTIVE ABOUT A TECH INVENTIVE?
INVENTIVE? >> THERE’S ONLY ONE PLACE TO
>> THERE’S ONLY ONE PLACE TO LOOK, IT COMES DOWN TO DONALD
LOOK, IT COMES DOWN TO DONALD TRUMP.
TRUMP. $137 MILLION BUYS YOU A LOT OF
$137 MILLION BUYS YOU A LOT OF BRAVERY.
BRAVERY. JUST, YOU THE INTERESTING THING
JUST, YOU THE INTERESTING THING ABOUT BEZOS THAT’S NATION NATING
ABOUT BEZOS THAT’S NATION NATING HERE IS IS YOU KIND OF SAY, WOW,
HERE IS IS YOU KIND OF SAY, WOW, WHAT DOES HE THIS IMAGE TO-ON-SO
WHAT DOES HE THIS IMAGE TO-ON-SO KIND OF AND HE’S PLAYING THIS
KIND OF AND HE’S PLAYING THIS BRILLIANT WHO HAS BEEN CALLED BY
BRILLIANT WHO HAS BEEN CALLED BY MUELLER AND HAS BEEN CALLED BY
MUELLER AND HAS BEEN CALLED BY INVESTIGATORS, THAT HE’S STILL
INVESTIGATORS, THAT HE’S STILL PLAYING THIS GAME.
PLAYING THIS GAME. THE OR INTERESTING THING TO
THE OR INTERESTING THING TO UNPACK HERE IS THAT BEZOS HAS
UNPACK HERE IS THAT BEZOS HAS HIRED A SECURITY BROWN AND IT
HIRED A SECURITY BROWN AND IT SEEMS LIKE THE LEADING CANDIDATE
SEEMS LIKE THE LEADING CANDIDATE BEHIND THIS IS SANCHEZ HE’S,
BEHIND THIS IS SANCHEZ HE’S, SPECIFICALLY ROGER STONE.
SPECIFICALLY ROGER STONE. SO YOU CAN’T WRITE THIS STUFF.
SO YOU CAN’T WRITE THIS STUFF. >> NO, YOU CAN’T.
>> NO, YOU CAN’T. THE THING THAT SURPRISED ME,
THE THING THAT SURPRISED ME, MIKE, WHEN THE FIRST BEZOS STORY
MIKE, WHEN THE FIRST BEZOS STORY CAME OUT, WAS THE ARROGANCE.
CAME OUT, WAS THE ARROGANCE. HERE’S A GUY THAT STRUCK A DEAL
HERE’S A GUY THAT STRUCK A DEAL WITH ROBERT MUELLER.
WITH ROBERT MUELLER. AND THEN THEY SPENT WHAT,
AND THEN THEY SPENT WHAT, $400,000 PEOPLE ON ONE THEM IT
$400,000 PEOPLE ON ONE THEM IT LOOKS IT LOOK LIKE THEY’RE GOING
LOOKS IT LOOK LIKE THEY’RE GOING AFTER JEFF BEZOS THAT 99% OF
AFTER JEFF BEZOS THAT 99% OF AMERICANS THAT RED THE "AMERICAN
AMERICANS THAT RED THE "AMERICAN ENCHOIRERS" THAT DIDN’T JUMP
ENCHOIRERS" THAT DIDN’T JUMP COVER, THAT IT ACCUSED GENERAL
COVER, THAT IT ACCUSED GENERAL FLYNN OF BEING A RUSSIAN SPITE
FLYNN OF BEING A RUSSIAN SPITE OF SPIED.
OF SPIED. TRUMP DISCOVERS RUSSIAN SPY
TRUMP DISCOVERS RUSSIAN SPY INSIDE WHITE HOUSE AND IT BUT
INSIDE WHITE HOUSE AND IT BUT THE ARROGANCE OF THEM TO TN IT
THE ARROGANCE OF THEM TO TN IT DO DONALD TRUMP’S BIDDING AND
DO DONALD TRUMP’S BIDDING AND THEN TO DO THE SAUDIS’ LETTER, I
THEN TO DO THE SAUDIS’ LETTER, I WOULD THINK A LOT OF PEOPLE IN
WOULD THINK A LOT OF PEOPLE IN THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW
THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK MIGHT THINK IT’S EXPORTION.
YORK MIGHT THINK IT’S EXPORTION. THE ARROGANCE IS REALLY
THE ARROGANCE IS REALLY STAGGERING.
STAGGERING. DAVID PECKER HAD CUT A DEAL WITH
DAVID PECKER HAD CUT A DEAL WITH THE SPECIAL PROSECUTOR, AND HE’S
THE SPECIAL PROSECUTOR, AND HE’S BACK IN THE PATTER’S BOX
BACK IN THE PATTER’S BOX BASICALLY ON THE FRINGE EXIN THE
BASICALLY ON THE FRINGE EXIN THE PAPER THAT JEFF BEZOS OWNS,
PAPER THAT JEFF BEZOS OWNS, RUNS.
RUNS. THIS IS A STAGGERING STORY AND
THIS IS A STAGGERING STORY AND AS DONNIE POINT OUT BALANCE IN
AS DONNIE POINT OUT BALANCE IN YOUR CHECKING ACCOUNT, THERE’S
YOUR CHECKING ACCOUNT, THERE’S NOT MUCH TO FEAR.
NOT MUCH TO FEAR. HE’S NOT GOING TO GET FIRED,
HE’S NOT GOING TO GET FIRED, HE’S NOT GO I THINK WE MAY SOON
HE’S NOT GO I THINK WE MAY SOON REFER TO A.M.I. AS THE FORMER
REFER TO A.M.I. AS THE FORMER A.M.I.
A.M.I. IF THEY WANT TO GET INTO THIS
IF THEY WANT TO GET INTO THIS SORT OF A MATCH WITH JEFF BEZOS.
SORT OF A MATCH WITH JEFF BEZOS. IT’S VERY CLEAR TO ME WHO’S
IT’S VERY CLEAR TO ME WHO’S GOING TO WIN THERE.
GOING TO WIN THERE. IT’S SKRORD THAT HE GOT FWR
IT’S SKRORD THAT HE GOT FWR A.M.I.
A.M.I. AT THE AND HERE ARE THE PICTURE
AT THE AND HERE ARE THE PICTURE WE HAD AND HAVE THOO AND THAT
WE HAD AND HAVE THOO AND THAT WHY
WHY WHY.
WHY. >>> AS YOU SAID, JEFF BEZOS IS
>>> AS YOU SAID, JEFF BEZOS IS NOT AROUND "THE WASHINGTON POST"
NOT AROUND "THE WASHINGTON POST" EVERY DAY.
EVERY DAY. BY HE LIVES IN SEATTLE AND HE
BY HE LIVES IN SEATTLE AND HE DOES HIS DAY JOB AND HE LEAVES
DOES HIS DAY JOB AND HE LEAVES THE JOURNALISM TO THE YOURNISTS.
THE JOURNALISM TO THE YOURNISTS. THERE WAS ONE TIME HE CAME TO AN
THERE WAS ONE TIME HE CAME TO AN ALL-STAFF MEETING AND HE WAS
ALL-STAFF MEETING AND HE WAS UKING ABOUT THE POST AROUND "NEW
UKING ABOUT THE POST AROUND "NEW YORK TIMES" AND OTHER PAPERS.
YORK TIMES" AND OTHER PAPERS. HE SAID THERE’S A CERTAIN AMOUNT
HE SAID THERE’S A CERTAIN AMOUNT OF BAD ASS NECESSARY IS AND
OF BAD ASS NECESSARY IS AND THERE IS A CERTAIN AMOUNT OF BAD
THERE IS A CERTAIN AMOUNT OF BAD ASSES THAT MAKES US PROUD TO
ASSES THAT MAKES US PROUD TO WORK FORRIA BRO AND WHILE WE’RE
WORK FORRIA BRO AND WHILE WE’RE TALKING ABOUT, AS YOU SAID, BAD
TALKING ABOUT, AS YOU SAID, BAD ASSES, I READ IT FROM KARA
ASSES, I READ IT FROM KARA SWISHER.
SWISHER. >> SHE THE BESS BUT I LOVE JEFF
>> SHE THE BESS BUT I LOVE JEFF WES AND JOHN DONE FRRCHL YOU ARE
WES AND JOHN DONE FRRCHL YOU ARE YOU FIGHT BULLIES AND JEFF
YOU FIGHT BULLIES AND JEFF BEZOS, AT LEAST LAST NIGHT ON
BEZOS, AT LEAST LAST NIGHT ON TWIT ARE AND SOCIAL MEDIA AND
TWIT ARE AND SOCIAL MEDIA AND EVERYTHING THAT I READ, TO A LOT
EVERYTHING THAT I READ, TO A LOT OF PEOPLE, EVEN THOUGH ACTUALLY
OF PEOPLE, EVEN THOUGH ACTUALLY HE DID SOME HUMILIATING THINGS,
HE DID SOME HUMILIATING THINGS, HE PUT IT OUT THERE AND SAID
HE PUT IT OUT THERE AND SAID HERE I AM, I SCREWED UP AND I’M
HERE I AM, I SCREWED UP AND I’M NOT GOING TO LET YOU BULLY ME
NOT GOING TO LET YOU BULLY ME OVER THIS.
OVER THIS. THE GUY IS A HERO TO A LOT OF
THE GUY IS A HERO TO A LOT OF PEOPLE AND MANY POP LIKE CARIA
PEOPLE AND MANY POP LIKE CARIA SWISHER SAID I DON’T LOVE HIM IN
SWISHER SAID I DON’T LOVE HIM IN GENERAL AND THEY GO OKAY, YEAH,
GENERAL AND THEY GO OKAY, YEAH, I RESPECT THAT GUY.
I RESPECT THAT GUY. WHAT A LESSON FOR PEOPLE DEALING
WHAT A LESSON FOR PEOPLE DEALING WITH CRISIS MANAGEMENT.
WITH CRISIS MANAGEMENT. >> TO MAKE IT EVEN MORE PUMP AND
>> TO MAKE IT EVEN MORE PUMP AND THISES COULD DIRECTLY DONALD
THISES COULD DIRECTLY DONALD TRUMP’S FORMER ATTORNEY GENERAL.
TRUMP’S FORMER ATTORNEY GENERAL. DONALD TRUMP WAS OBSESSED WITH
DONALD TRUMP WAS OBSESSED WITH JEFF BESSOS WELL BEFORE THAT.
JEFF BESSOS WELL BEFORE THAT. AS BEZOS GOT RICHER AND RICH
AS BEZOS GOT RICHER AND RICH ARE, IT WOULD DRIVE CLUMP CRAZY.
ARE, IT WOULD DRIVE CLUMP CRAZY. SO THE ULTIMATE BULLY IS REALLY,
SO THE ULTIMATE BULLY IS REALLY, VEAL FEELING THIS ONE.
VEAL FEELING THIS ONE. LONG BEFORE THIS MATTER STARTED,
LONG BEFORE THIS MATTER STARTED, HE HAD A LOT OF BESS I DON’T
HE HAD A LOT OF BESS I DON’T DOING SO WHAT HAPPENED NEXT?
DOING SO WHAT HAPPENED NEXT? WHAT -- WHAT PART OF THE STORY
WHAT -- WHAT PART OF THE STORY ARE YOU GOING TO BE FOLLOWING
ARE YOU GOING TO BE FOLLOWING TODAY?
TODAY? >> SURE.
>> SURE. WELL, IN THE MEDIA THERE’S DOES
WELL, IN THE MEDIA THERE’S DOES HE AMI WEIGHT IN?
HE AMI WEIGHT IN? BUT THE BIGGER PICTURE, JOE, IS
BUT THE BIGGER PICTURE, JOE, IS I WANT TO GO BACK WITH IF YOU
I WANT TO GO BACK WITH IF YOU HAVE ALREADY TOPPED TO CATCH AND
HAVE ALREADY TOPPED TO CATCH AND KILL STORIES, TO SILENCE
KILL STORIES, TO SILENCE ACURESERS OF DONALD TRUMP.
ACURESERS OF DONALD TRUMP. WHY ARE YOU STILL OUT THERE
WHY ARE YOU STILL OUT THERE PURSUING, LIKE YOU SAID, A GUY
PURSUING, LIKE YOU SAID, A GUY WHOSE NAME MADE BE A HOUSEHOLD
WHOSE NAME MADE BE A HOUSEHOLD GAME FOR US AS THE NATIONAL
GAME FOR US AS THE NATIONAL ENCHOIR ARE HAVE ON JEFF ABOUT
ENCHOIR ARE HAVE ON JEFF ABOUT BEZOS.
BEZOS. I WONDER WHAT DOES HE JEFF BEZOS
I WONDER WHAT DOES HE JEFF BEZOS MAYBE HAVE ON THE NATIONAL EN
MAYBE HAVE ON THE NATIONAL EN ENENCHOIRERS.
ENENCHOIRERS. HE’S INVITING ALL OF US TO SUR
HE’S INVITING ALL OF US TO SUR SUE THAT LINE OF COULD THE OTHER
SUE THAT LINE OF COULD THE OTHER THINGS IS YOU’RE RIGHT.
THINGS IS YOU’RE RIGHT. BEZOS IN THE EYES OF SO MANY
BEZOS IN THE EYES OF SO MANY TERRIBLE PEOPLE, HE’S ALL OF A
TERRIBLE PEOPLE, HE’S ALL OF A SUDDEN, HE’S A HERO.
SUDDEN, HE’S A HERO. HE’S EARNED HIS JOURNALISM WING.
HE’S EARNED HIS JOURNALISM WING. SO HE HAS TULD OFF A MASTER
SO HE HAS TULD OFF A MASTER IMAGE.
IMAGE. SON OF THIS IS GOING TO HAVE A
SON OF THIS IS GOING TO HAVE A NEGATIVE EFFECT ON AMAZON, ON
NEGATIVE EFFECT ON AMAZON, ON THE WOLE STAR.
THE WOLE STAR. THE ANYTHING.
THE ANYTHING. >> I DON’T THINK ANYBODY
>> I DON’T THINK ANYBODY WATCHING THE SHOW IS SURPRISED
WATCHING THE SHOW IS SURPRISED THAT THE NATIONAL ENQUIRER IS
THAT THE NATIONAL ENQUIRER IS SLEEPY AND THAT COMES THROUGH IN
SLEEPY AND THAT COMES THROUGH IN IN -- WHAT’S STUNNING IS THEY
IN -- WHAT’S STUNNING IS THEY WERE IN A AGREEMENT WITH FEDERAL
WERE IN A AGREEMENT WITH FEDERAL PROSECUTORS AND STILL CARRYING
PROSECUTORS AND STILL CARRYING OUT THIS INTENT.
OUT THIS INTENT. >> WHEN THAT HAPPENED, EVERYONE
>> WHEN THAT HAPPENED, EVERYONE KEPT TALKING ABOUT WHAT IS IN
KEPT TALKING ABOUT WHAT IS IN PECKER’S SAFE.
PECKER’S SAFE. AND I THINK THE ONGOING PATTERN
AND I THINK THE ONGOING PATTERN OF BEHAVIOR WILL STRUCK BON.
OF BEHAVIOR WILL STRUCK BON. >> A GO BUT A GOOD ARE THE TORE
>> A GO BUT A GOOD ARE THE TORE CALL QUESTION IS WHO ELSE?
CALL QUESTION IS WHO ELSE? WHO ELSE AS THE NATIONAL
WHO ELSE AS THE NATIONAL ENQUIRER BLACKMAILED FOR BENEFIT
ENQUIRER BLACKMAILED FOR BENEFIT OF DONALD TRUMP?
OF DONALD TRUMP? ANY HOUSE MEMBERS?
ANY HOUSE MEMBERS? ANY STAT MEMBERS?
ANY STAT MEMBERS? ANY POLITICAL HAVE HAD, ANY
ANY POLITICAL HAVE HAD, ANY EDITORS?
EDITORS? WE KNOW WE TRIED IT WITH TALK
WE KNOW WE TRIED IT WITH TALK SHOW HOSTS.
SHOW HOSTS. THAT DIDN’T WORK.
THAT DIDN’T WORK. WHO ELSE AT THE NATIONAL
WHO ELSE AT THE NATIONAL ENQUIRER BECAME OF THE WHO
ENQUIRER BECAME OF THE WHO ACTUALLY DIDN’T HAVE THE MEANS
ACTUALLY DIDN’T HAVE THE MEANS TO.
TO. YOU BACK IN THE SAME WAY.
YOU BACK IN THE SAME WAY. >> THAT’S A LEGITIMATE QUESTION.
>> THAT’S A LEGITIMATE QUESTION. >> AND IT SEEMS THAT NO ONE
>> AND IT SEEMS THAT NO ONE WOULD BE -- IF YOU’RE WILLING TO
WOULD BE -- IF YOU’RE WILLING TO GO AFTER JEFFS ABOUT WHO ELSE
GO AFTER JEFFS ABOUT WHO ELSE ALONG THE CHAIN HAS HE GONE
ALONG THE CHAIN HAS HE GONE AFTER?
AFTER? >> I’LL ADD MONTH MORE THING,
>> I’LL ADD MONTH MORE THING, AND THAT IS THAT YOU REALLY GET
AND THAT IS THAT YOU REALLY GET THE SENSE OF THIS SORT OF KEY
THE SENSE OF THIS SORT OF KEY STONE TOP NATURE OF DOING
STONE TOP NATURE OF DOING BUSINESS FROM TRUMP TO HIS
BUSINESS FROM TRUMP TO HIS FRIENDS, HIS STOOGES.
FRIENDS, HIS STOOGES. TO SEND JEFF BEZOS AN E-MAIL
TO SEND JEFF BEZOS AN E-MAIL EXTORTING HIM AND BLACKMALE